1. What is git flow and its variations?

  * Gitflow Workflow involves building a strict branching model based on the release of the project.

  * The second variation is github flow

2. What is Continuous integration ?

  Continuous integration (CI) is the practice of automating the integration of code changes from multiple contributors into a single software project.

3. What is Continuous deployment?

  Continuous Deployment (CD) is a software release process that uses automated testing to validate if changes to a codebase are correct and stable for immediate autonomous deployment to a production environment.

4. What types of deployment can you name and describe ? (Green-blue, etc.)
  Canary Deployment- is a deployment strategy that releases an application or service incrementally to a subset of users.
  Blue-green deployment is a deployment strategy that utilizes two identical environments, a “blue” (aka staging) and a “green” (aka production) environment with different versions of an application or service.
  A rolling deployment is a deployment strategy that updates running instances of an application with the new release.

5. What types of testing do you know? What are they?
  Functional Testing types include:
    Unit Testing
    Integration Testing
    System Testing
    Sanity Testing
    Smoke Testing
    Interface Testing
    Regression Testing
    Beta/Acceptance Testing
  Non-functional Testing types include:
    Performance Testing
    Load Testing
    Stress Testing
    Volume Testing
    Security Testing
    Compatibility Testing
    Install Testing
    Recovery Testing
    Reliability Testing
    Usability Testing
    Compliance Testing
    Localization Testing

6. `*` Describe how the code from the developer's computer reaches the production environment? What stages would you set up?

  * code - build - test - release - deploy - operate - monitor - plan.

  Need to set up: Typical ci pipeline with gitlab ci

  A typical pipeline might consist of four stages, executed in the following order:

  * A build stage, with a job called compile.
  * A test stage, with two jobs called test1 and test2.
  * A staging stage, with a job called deploy-to-stage.
  * A production stage, with a job called deploy-to-prod.
